README.md, before:

# acceptance tests

This repository contains all of the Pelias API "acceptance" tests, which are automated tests used to identify
improvements and regressions between builds. Since it's difficult/impossible to manually verify whether things have
begun silently failing (eg, a certain query stopped returning the right results) after a data or search logic change,
the acceptance tests should provide us with a scattershot overview of the status of any Pelias instance.

## Usage

```
node test --help
```

## Test Case Files
Test-cases live in `test_cases/`, and are split into test *suites* in individual JSON files. Each file must contain the
following properties:

 + `name` is the suite title displayed when executing.
 + `priorityThresh` indicates the expected result must be found within the top N locations. This can be set for the entire suite as well as overwritten in individual test cases.
 + `tests` is an array of test cases that make up the suite.

`tests` consists of objects with the following properties:
 + `id` is a unique identifier within the test suite (this could be unnecessary, let's discuss)
 + `status` is the optional expected status of this test-case (whether it should pass/fail/etc.), and will be used to
   identify improvements and regressions. May be either of `pass` or `fail`.
 + `user` is the name of the person that added the test case.
 + `endpoint` the API endpoint (`search`, `reverse`, `suggest`) to target. Defaults to `search`.
 + `in` contains the API parameters that will be urlencoded and appended to the API url.
 + `expected` contains *expected* results. The object can contain a `priorityThresh` property, which will override the
   `priorityThresh` specified by the test-suite, and must contain a `properties` property. `properties` is mapped to an
   array of either of:

     + `object`: all of the key-value pairs will be tested against the objects returned by the API for exact matches.
     + `string`: a matching object will be looked up in the `locations.json` file. Allows you to easily reuse the same
      object for multiple test-cases.

   If `properties` is `null`, the test-case is assumed to be a placeholder.

+ `unexpected` is analogous to `expected`, except that you *cannot* specify a `priorityThresh` and the `properties`
  array does *not* support strings.

## output generators
The acceptance-tests support multiple different output generators, like an email and terminal output. See `node test
--help` for details on how to specify a generator besides the default. Note that the `email` generator requires an
AWS account, and that your `pelias-config` file contain the following configuration:

```javascript
{
	"acceptance-tests": {
		"email": {
			"ses": {
				"accessKeyId": "AWSACCESSKEY",
				"secretAccessKey": "AWS/Secret/key",
			},
			"recipients": ["recipient1@domain.com", "recipient2@domain.com"], // the list of recipients
		}
	}
}
```

## API URL aliases
The acceptance-tests runner recognizes a number of aliases for Pelias API URLs (eg, `stage` corresponds to
`pelias.stage.mapzen.com`), which can be specified as command-line arguments when running a test suite. You can
override the default aliases and define your own in `pelias-config`:

```javascript
{
	"acceptance-tests": {
		"endpoints": {
			"alias": "http://my.pelias.instance"
		}
	}
}
```

Commit message:

Add test suite for /reverse and validate new categories feature

README.md, after:

# acceptance tests

This repository contains all of the Pelias API "acceptance" tests, which are automated tests used to identify
improvements and regressions between builds. Since it's difficult/impossible to manually verify whether things have
begun silently failing (eg, a certain query stopped returning the right results) after a data or search logic change,
the acceptance tests should provide us with a scattershot overview of the status of any Pelias instance.

## Usage

```
node test --help
```

## Test Case Files
Test-cases live in `test_cases/`, and are split into test *suites* in individual JSON files. Each file must contain the
following properties:

 + `name` is the suite title displayed when executing.
 + `priorityThresh` indicates the expected result must be found within the top N locations. This can be set for the entire suite as well as overwritten in individual test cases.
 + `tests` is an array of test cases that make up the suite.
 + `endpoint` the API endpoint (`search`, `reverse`, `suggest`) to target. Defaults to `search`.

`tests` consists of objects with the following properties:
 + `id` is a unique identifier within the test suite (this could be unnecessary, let's discuss)
 + `status` is the optional expected status of this test-case (whether it should pass/fail/etc.), and will be used to
   identify improvements and regressions. May be either of `pass` or `fail`.
 + `user` is the name of the person that added the test case.
 + `endpoint` the API endpoint (`search`, `reverse`, `suggest`) to target. Defaults to `search`, which will override the
   `endpoint` specified by the test-suite.
 + `in` contains the API parameters that will be urlencoded and appended to the API url.
 + `expected` contains *expected* results. The object can contain a `priorityThresh` property, which will override the
   `priorityThresh` specified by the test-suite, and must contain a `properties` property. `properties` is mapped to an
   array of either of:

     + `object`: all of the key-value pairs will be tested against the objects returned by the API for exact matches.
     + `string`: a matching object will be looked up in the `locations.json` file. Allows you to easily reuse the same
      object for multiple test-cases.

   If `properties` is `null`, the test-case is assumed to be a placeholder.

+ `unexpected` is analogous to `expected`, except that you *cannot* specify a `priorityThresh` and the `properties`
  array does *not* support strings.

## output generators
The acceptance-tests support multiple different output generators, like an email and terminal output. See `node test
--help` for details on how to specify a generator besides the default. Note that the `email` generator requires an
AWS account, and that your `pelias-config` file contain the following configuration:

```javascript
{
	"acceptance-tests": {
		"email": {
			"ses": {
				"accessKeyId": "AWSACCESSKEY",
				"secretAccessKey": "AWS/Secret/key",
			},
			"recipients": ["recipient1@domain.com", "recipient2@domain.com"], // the list of recipients
		}
	}
}
```

## API URL aliases
The acceptance-tests runner recognizes a number of aliases for Pelias API URLs (eg, `stage` corresponds to
`pelias.stage.mapzen.com`), which can be specified as command-line arguments when running a test suite. You can
override the default aliases and define your own in `pelias-config`:

```javascript
{
	"acceptance-tests": {
		"endpoints": {
			"alias": "http://my.pelias.instance"
		}
	}
}
```
